
        . Deplyoying your pyside6 apps : 
            . We choose to use pyinstaller because it works well on
                    Windows,Linux,Mac.

                . Install it :
                    . Command :  pip3 install PyInstaller

                . Use pyinstaller to generate a folder with all dependencies

                . Steps : 
                    . Browse to the folder containing the main.py file 
                    . Run : pyinstaller main.py
                        . This will generate a folder with all dependencies in a dist folder
                        . in the dist folder, there'll be a main.exe file you can run
                        . Double click on the file to see it run
                . The app will also pop up a console window when run.
                . A few things we'd like to change
                    . stoping the console
                    . Changing the name of the app,
                    . ...
                . To change some of those things, we can open the main.spec file and change     
                    data in the exe = EXE(...) section
                    . We change the name of the app to ModelViewApp
                    . And stop the console window from popping up when we run our app
                    
                        .       name='ModelViewApp',
                                debug=False,
                                bootloader_ignore_signals=False,
                                strip=False,
                                upx=True,
                                console=False,
                                
                . The .spec file instructs pyinstaller how to generate the executable
                . We can pass it to pyinstaller to generate an exe with the new settings
                    . Run command : pyinstaller main.spec
                    . And a new executable will be generated
                    
                . This is just scratching the surface of pyinstaller    
                        . You can learn more from 
                            . the official docs : https://pyinstaller.org/en/stable/usage.html
                            . Other things you can do include : 
                                    . Adding app icons
                                    . adding dependent files like resources,...